yo guys its me as a scammer kids and
today I'm going to show you how to build
a nice bone you start to build your how
big you want it all I wanted eight
blocks do it one time dear one plug dear
you take your ax or hatchet and keep up
keep that and you don't like this that
give sorry for the lag YouTube guess I
I'm in my own server so it's like a
little bit and put that there so now I
got this and I want it bigger then I do
we meet again but I think you guys
understand it now but I'm gonna build
home the whole boat so red flags sorry
just in the jungle what I sign that and
I'm not in a jungle but it did it did it
do
and now so you can get a bigger if you
want but I won't have this stick so cut
that off and put one here one more can
you that cut that so and you can be a
lot hotter if you want like this I'm
going here here oh sorry so yeah a bit
like this looks like so much because I
can i really come fall into the water so
you do
you can only big garrison Wang much
bigger and yeah that was my boat today
and I can block when I little better or
by a metro but I don't have time to do a
nice boat now and don't forget to sub
for me and like that because I really
want people to understand that I like a
live I want use so see you in the next
you to be by YouTube